It's about 60.000 a month
for cutting down trees. right?
Then there's the kidney I sold.
That was 1.2 million.
My right eye was 300.000.
Sold one of my nuts...
How much was that. again?
I think... not even 100.000.
And I still owe...
About 38.040.000 yen.
I heard you. Pochita.
Let's kill this thing already.
Devil hunting pays the best. easy.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
CHAINSAW MAN - THE COMPILATION
Gotta be the Tomato Devil.
He'll revive from the seeds.
so you'll wanna burn those.
Nice work. Denji.
This carcass will bring in a
fair price on the black market.
I'll pay you 400.000.
Hey. thanks!
After what you owe and the interest.
that leaves 170.000.
So after the finder's fee. admin fee.
management costs. and so on...
Leaves me with 70.000.
After the water bill.
and some other stuff I owe...
Funny how that works.
I've got 1.800 yen left.
No food at home. and this is gonna
have to last us a month. so...
Pochita. looks like dinner's
gonna be a slice of bread.
Why hire a brat like that to hunt devils?
He's paying off what he owes us.
Well. technically. it was
his deadbeat old man's debt.
And a kid with a pet devil
can get the job done?
The thing about real Devil Hunters is...
They don't pass devil carcasses
onto the yakuza.
Besides. the best thing about Denji
is he does what he's told.
Hey. dog!
I'll give you 100 yen to eat this cigarette.
For real?
Don't mind if I do.
We'll be in touch when there's another devil.
Try and run. and you're pig slop.
That'll keep us for another three days.
The other day I heard...
That normally. people put jam
on their bread. before eating it.
Normal's just a dream for us. though.
Doubt I'll pay off this debt before I die.
Probably gonna die without
ever having a girlfriend. too.
Not like I could invite a girl to this dump.
No money to go on dates. either.
If I could have one dream come true...
I wanna score with a girl before I die.
Bastard hung himself without
paying this month's installment first.
Boy. you've got until tomorrow
to put 700.000 together.
You can beg for it. whore yourself out...
I don't care. Get it done.
Otherwise. we chop you up and sell the bits.
A ch-chainsaw...?
A devil.
If you're gonna kill me. just do it.
I'm dead either way.
It's hurt?
You're gonna die. too?
Bite me!
I heard that drinking blood heals a devil.
If you don't wanna die. bite me!
My blood's not free. though. This is a deal!
I'll help you...
So. you help me.
Because I don't wanna die. after all.
Why don't you hire me as a Devil Hunter?
Too hungry to sleep.
When I can't sleep.
I start thinking about money.
and then it's even harder to sleep.
I know what dream I wanna have when I sleep.
Gonna put jam on my bread.
and share it with you.
Then I'm gonna flirt with a girl...
I'll play video games with her. and then
we'll fall asleep hugging each other.
Sounds sweet. right?
Y'know. I heard my mom died from some
heart disease that made her cough up blood.
Got a devil for you. Denji. Time for work.
Wish they'd at least let me dream...
There's a devil in here. huh?
You think it's hiding?
Denji. my boy... we're pretty
grateful to you. y'know?
Yeah?
You're as loyal as a dog.
and you work for cheap like one. too.
Only problem with dogs
is I can't stand the stench.
Even yakuza think about getting bigger
and making more money. kid.
So we did like you.
and made a deal with a devil.
We wanted demonic power...
And I want Devil Hunter...
Dead!
Y'know. little Devil Hunter.
these guys are dumb as hell.
Total suckers!
I offer them a bit of demonic power.
and they offer to become my slaves...
Even though the power
turns them into zombies.
See. because I'm the Zombie Devil.
And I hate Devil Hunters. because
you go around killing us devils.
So I'm gonna kill you.
Boys. tear him apart
and toss him in the trash.
Shit!
All I want is a normal life!
And I can't even have that?!
Pochita...
Pochita!
Pochita. time for work.
Pochita. there's a good chance
I'm gonna die fighting a devil.
My only regret would be
leaving you on your own.
You could end up starving to death...
Or some other Devil Hunter might kill you.
I've heard some devils
can take over dead bodies.
If that's something you can do...
then I want you to have my body.
The yakuza won't be on your case
if you wait until I've been buried. right?
And then you could move
out of here... and then...
Yeah.
I want you to live a normal life.
and die a normal death.
You've gotta make my dream come true.
Pochita?
Did you take my body. like I said?
I always loved hearing you talk
about your dreams. Denji.
Here's the deal. I'll give you my heart...
And in exchange. I want you
to show me your dream.
Pochita?!
I'm not hurt?
Pochita...?
What is this?
You're alive after being sliced up?
Why? Gross!
I seriously hate Devil Hunters.
Guys. go ahead and eat him.
These guys had plenty already.
so why'd they want even more?
Am I the same?
I wasn't satisfied with
the happiness I had with Pochita.
I kept dreaming about a better life.
I guess we all dream
about stuff like that. huh?
I can't blame you. then.
And I won't. but...
If you get in our way?
You'll die!
He's bound to stay dead after being eaten.
What are you?!
Did that devil runt take your body?!
That means you're one of us!
Stay away!
Move!
Stay back! Back! Get away!
Stay away! Don't do it!
Don't come near me!
Die!
I guess you guys went full devil. huh?
Well. you hired me to be a Devil Hunter.
So. I better kill all the devils. right?!
Oh. yeah!
Once you're all dead...
I won't owe a damn thing!
Someone got here before us.
There's still one alive.
You've got a strange smell.
Not like a human or a devil.
I take it you did this?
H-Hug me...
He's human.
Any chance he's possessed?
No.
I can tell who's possessed
with a look at their face.
I came here to kill the Zombie Devil.
I'm a Devil Hunter with Public Safety.
You have two options:
I can kill you like a devil.
or I can keep you as a human.
If I keep you. I'll make sure you're fed.
When you say that...
Like. what's for breakfast?
Bread with butter and jam. salad. coffee...
And then maybe something
for dessert. I think?
That sounds awesome.
CHAINSAW MAN - THE COMPILATION
That was my stomach.
What's your name?
It's Denji!
We haven't had breakfast yet. either.
Let's grab something at the rest area.
Sorry. but I don't have any cash.
Just pick what you want. I'll pay.
And you're conspicuous
without a shirt on. so wear this.
Here.
All my life people have avoided me.
saying I'm filthy and smell bad.
No one's ever been nice to me before.
Much less a girl who looks this good!
I love her!
I'll take some udon...
(Sausage. Corn Dog. Curry Udon. Curry Rice. Udon • Soba. Ramen)
Udon and... a sausage!
Is that cool?
Sure is. I'll take a curry udon. please.
Coming up.
Oh. that sounds good. too...
Whoa. there.
You smell good.
You okay?
- It'll be 1.100 yen. all together.
- Sorry about that!
The chainsaws cut me up. too.
- Here's 2.000.
- so I think I'm a little low on blood right now.
How did you end up like this?
I had a pet devil. and he replaced my heart.
Kinda hard to believe. huh?
I don't really wanna believe it. either.
Pochita dying for my sake...
There's not a lot of precedent
for your condition.
even from a historical perspective.
It doesn't even have a name.
I believe you.
I've got a particularly good sense of smell.
So I can tell.
Your best friend is alive inside of you.
Not in the sentimental sense. either.
Your body has the scents
of both a human and a devil.
Is that right?
That's awesome!
Really... awesome...
Udon?!
The udon?
Is it cool if I eat my udon?
Are you all right?
Can you eat on your own?
I can...
I can not.
Here. Say. "Ahh."
Ahh...
Is it good?
Woof!
You are really sweet to be
enjoying soggy udon this much.
A lot like a dog. actually.
Um... what's your name?
Makima.
Miss Makima... is there
a type of guy you l-like?
I'm into the "Denji" type.
Denji?
Dude. that's me.
Denji? This way. come on.
(Tokyo Devil Hunters Headquarters)
This is the Tokyo headquarters
for our Devil Hunters.
There are over a thousand Devil Hunters
in Tokyo. including civilians.
but Public Safety has the best benefits
and a lot of paid vacation time.
If Miss Makima likes me...
Then maybe. if we work together.
we'll eventually get together?
And if we get together...
we can get together. right?
I wanna! I wanna get together
with her real bad!
Denji...
Yeah?
We're supposed to wear uniforms.
so put this on.
Once you've changed.
I'll introduce you to a coworker.
This is Aki Hayakawa. He started
three years before you. Denji.
You're going to be shadowing him today.
I'm not working with you. Miss Makima?
That should be obvious.
You're not even in her league.
Time for patrol.
No! Miss Makima!
Damn it. get up.
No way! I wanna work with Miss Makima!
If you do a good job.
we can work together someday.
So. do that. okay?
Hey. big man.
Does Miss Makima have a boyfriend?
Hey. come on.
Hey!
Come with me.
You need to quit this job.
Show up tomorrow.
and I'll kick your ass again.
Why. though?
Look. I'm trying to be nice. here.
People who start this job without
thinking it through end up dead.
I've had colleagues who got
into devil hunting for the payday.
and it got them all killed by devils.
The survivors are the ones
with real motivation.
You're just after Makima. right?
That's why you took the job?
Ding-ding!
Then I'm glad I hit you.
I'll let her know that you ran off.
scared away by the devils.
You really are a nice guy. huh?
Because... when I fight a dude...
It's nuts... or nothing!
I had udon for the first time today. man.
A sausage. too.
Got treated like a decent
human being for the first time.
and even had someone pay for my meal.
It's like a dream come true for me.
I didn't really think it through
when I started devil hunting.
but if I get to keep up this kind of life?
I don't care if it kills me.
Actually. y'know. I take it back.
It's not just my life. anymore.
Makima...
is not the kind of woman
a punk like you should be chasing!
What the hell are you saying?
Sounds to me like you just like her. too!
You... really did...
Only aim... for my balls...
Shit.
The big guy's testicles were attacked
by the Nut Devil. ma'am!
That's a lie. He's lying.
So. do you think you two can work together?
No way!
He's a piece of trash!
I'm glad you two are hitting it off.
Denji. you're going to
be joining Hayakawa's unit.
Unit?
This punk?!
I've already got enough troublemakers. don't I?
Adding another... I don't know...
I told you when I put it together. right?
Your team's an experimental one.
operating differently from the usual method.
What exactly is he. ma'am?
Denji's human. but can transform into a devil.
Damn right! Pretty sweet. huh?
And that's the truth?
I always figured those stories
were baseless rumors.
He's special.
Which is why he's going to be
receiving special treatment.
If he tries to resign.
or becomes insubordinate...
Denji will be disposed of as a devil.
Uh. what's that mean?
It means we're working together until you die.
You're going to be living with me
so I can keep an eye on you.
Just remember. they said I can
kill you if you try to run off.
Hey. is Miss Makima a bad person?
If you think that's the case.
then give up on her.
If you're really a devil. you should
just be grateful she doesn't kill you.
We're Devil Hunters. got that?
So. she's a good person. then?
Of course she is.
She saved my life.
Miss Makima...
I hope I get to hug her again.
CHAINSAW MAN - THE COMPILATION
Strawberry jam. plum jam. orange jam...
Then some butter and honey. plus...
Let's throw some cinnamon on. too.
I got the best toast ever right here!
So good!
It's freaking fantastic!
How long are you gonna be in there?!
Don't fall asleep on the toilet!
A Fiend has been reported
in an east Nerima residence.
Civilian evacuation and cordon
are both complete.
The Fiend in question has
holed up in a second story room.
We'll leave it to you Devil Hunters from here.
Is this a new rookie. Hayakawa?
Hey. what's a Fiend?
Did you never go to school or something?
Nah. man. no.
When a devil takes control
of a human corpse. you get a Fiend.
Wait. doesn't that make me a Fiend?
No. Fiends always have characteristic heads.
Should be obvious enough once we see him.
The devil controls a Fiend's personality.
You kill this one.
Turn into a devil. and
show me what you can do.
That'll help me figure out
if you're of any use.
Don't look at me...
You're dead! Dead. dead. dead!
Damn Devil Hunters!
Hey. Why didn't you use your devil powers?
Thing is...
When I kill devils with my powers.
they get real messed up.
So. like... I coulda ended up
like this Fiend. right?
So I kinda... wanted to
make it painless for him.
All right. Listen to me.
Fiends are just like any other devil.
If you're hunting them.
then drop the sympathy.
My entire family was killed
by a devil right in front of me.
I've had drinks with the cops down below.
They're risking their lives
to protect their wives and kids.
Everyone is serious about this except you.
I'd rather make any devil I kill
suffer as much as possible.
What are you trying to do?
Make friends with them?
If there's a devil I could be
friends with. then yeah. I would.
'Cuz I don't have any friends.
I'll remember that.
Guess I pissed him off...
I was just trying to keep
blood off these dirty magazines.
When the chainsaws are out. blood gets
everywhere and makes a real mess.
I made it easy for you.
so I get to keep these!
Okay. the porn is secured.
I want you to show me your dream.
I'm pretty serious about this. Pochita.
I'm already living the dream.
just like our bargain said.
I'll remember that.
My dream might've come true already.
but he must be chasing his.
I get to bathe every day. eat good food...
Get to hang around a hot chick...
My life's a 10 outta 10. but it feels
like something's missing.
Am I missing something? Something that'd
give me a real perfect score?
He's gotta be after some revenge shit.
They're trying to protect their families.
I wonder if Miss Makima
is after anything like that?
Miss Makima...
I wanna touch her boobs.
Touching boobs is a dream I gave
up on a long time ago.
but I've got a real job now.
Maybe I could pull it off?
I probably couldn't score
with a girl just yet.
But boobs?
If I had the right plan. and the
willpower. then maybe...
Everyone is serious about this except you.
So that's what he meant!
I've found it! Something to be serious about!
My goal! It's...
Boobs!
Boobs?
Hey! Pay attention. dumbass!
Listen to what?
I'm assigning you a partner
starting today. Denji.
Partner?
As a precaution. Public Safety executes patrols
and smaller missions with two-person teams.
This is great timing. She's here.
Be careful. She's a Fiend.
Prostrate yourselves. humans!
For I am Power!
Are you to be my so-called partner?!
Power?! Your name's Power?!
And you're a Fiend?!
Are Fiends allowed to be Devil Hunters?!
Well. whatever! Nice to meet you!
Human! Provide me with
something to kill immediately!
I am starved for blood!
I can put up with crazy.
as long as she's hot enough.
The question is. how do I get
my hands on those boobs?
Fiends. like devils.
are targets for extermination.
But Power's highly rational.
so she's been on Hayakawa's team.
Power's horns stand out a bit too much.
so you'll want to patrol areas
without a lot of pedestrians.
If you run into any civilian Devil Hunters.
- We've got a pair of suspicious individuals...
- or the police try to question you
about what you're doing...
- Excuse me. I need to ask you—
- or the police try to question you
about what you're doing...
We're with Public Safety Devil
Extermination Special Division 4.
...say that. show them your ID.
and they'll make a sour face
and leave you alone.
I mentioned this before.
but Public Safety Devil Extermination
Special Division 4 is an experimental unit.
The higher-ups will be looking
to dissolve your team as soon as possible
if you can't get results.
I don't need to explain what would happen
to you two if that happens. do I?
Where the hell are all the devils?!
This is likely my fault!
Before becoming a Fiend.
I was a devil that was feared by all!
Demonic peons will likely flee
the moment they catch my scent!
Wait. how are we gonna
get anything done. then?!
If you have any questions.
just ask Hayakawa.
He's the one who put you two together.
That asshole! He set me up!
He stuck me with Power
so I can't do anything cool!
He's trying to get me fired!
The scent of blood!
Whoa! Hey. crazy. where you going?!
The game is afoot!
The battle is joined!
Damn. she's fast!
The scene's evacuated and blocked off.
Requesting backup
in front of Nerima Station.
I said. it's the Sea Cucumber—
Do you know what a sea cucumber is?
Look. I'm trying to say—
What the...?
Did you see?!
The kill is mine!
If Public Safety kills
a civilian hunter's devil.
we're guilty of obstructing their business.
Normally. you'd be arrested
for that kind of thing.
Power. you're going to need
to think a bit more before acting.
And you'll have to get her
under control. Denji.
I'm in trouble. too?
Before becoming a Fiend.
Power was the Blood Devil...
So she's got a talent
for using blood in battle.
but also gets worked up pretty easily.
Maybe she's not cut out to be
a Devil Hunter after all.
It...
I-It was he who commanded me to kill!
I did not!
I didn't! How can you just lie like that?!
It is no lie! It was him!
The human ordered me to kill
this devil! That's the truth!
What a creep!
Miss Makima. this devil's a total liar!
You oughta arrest her right now!
You're under arrest for the crime
of being a fake-ass liar!
Not true! It was by his command!
Devils do not lie! It is only humans who do!
No one ever said that!
And you're the reason why!
Dumbass! Shitty liar!
Humans and your filthy lies!
I only did as I was told!
Could you quiet down?
Y-Yes.
Very good. Power.
Honestly. I don't really care
who got in whose way.
I want to see the two of you
working well together.
Can you show me that?
We... W-We can.
Maybe I should worry about
copping a feel some other time.
Y'know. being able to just grab a drink
like this is a dream come true to me.
But if we keep screwing up.
being thirsty is probably gonna be
the least of my problems.
Not that it'll make it any easier to work
with some chick that lies. though.
I only enjoy the company of cats.
I hate humans.
It's not a matter of personal grievance.
My hatred is almost like a demonic instinct.
And I hate devils. too.
Since one of them took my pet Meowy away.
Before I was able to recover Meowy.
I fell into Makima's clutches.
My dear Meowy may be dead already.
and yet... I find it hard to give up hope.
If it lets me retrieve Meowy from that demon.
I'm willing to abide humans.
or anything else I needs must.
I doubt you'd understand
such concern for a cat.
For a cat? That's dumb as hell.
But I'd do whatever it takes
to get to fondle some boobs.
It seems I may never understand humans.
But I think I'd get you if it was a dog.
What would you say to the
prospect of fondling my chest
after retrieving Meowy from that devil?
That fucking devil...
thinks he can just kidnap some poor cat?!
Well. I don't think so!
As a Devil Hunter. I say no!
I'm gonna kill the shit out of that devil!
Leave for the Fiend. Power. is approved.
Make sure to have her back by 5:00 PM.
You're not even allowed to go out on your own?
Indeed. I've had to idly
while away my time in here.
I know where the devil
that kidnapped Meowy dwells.
The concern is that you are
the only one who can fight it.
He's likely to use Meowy
as a shield upon seeing me.
If that happens. then all is lost.
I had a pet devil named Pochita. y'know?
I can't pet him anymore. but it's cool.
Because he's alive in here.
How foolish you humans are.
Does that not mean Pochita is dead?
Death is the absence of life.
This nonsense about living on in your heart
is little more than miserable self-comfort.
Uh-huh. I guess so.
I don't think I'm ever
gonna get along with her.
The American matter has got the Soviet
war hawks crowing more loudly than ever.
There are rumors about
the military use of devils. as well.
Hopefully. devils will remain
Japan's only enemies in the future.
Makima. how are the hunting dogs
that have been added
to the squad performing?
There's one that seems promising.
and another that seems interesting.
Interesting...?
A pup that I just recently picked up.
Your job is to raise these hounds.
and then put them to work.
Make sure not to grow attached.
As far as I can tell.
Denji's disgusting. not "interesting."
Why do you have such high hopes for him?
All devils are born with names.
And the more those names are feared.
the more powerful the devil is said to become.
Coffee isn't considered very frightening.
so a Coffee Devil would probably be weak.
But what about a Car Devil?
It's easy to imagine being run over and dying.
so it would probably be strong.
And Denji can turn into a Chainsaw Devil.
Seems pretty interesting to me.
He might be interesting.
but I'm not sure he'll be any use.
Everyone in Public Safety has
a real goal or motivation.
But he said he just wants
to live the good life.
He's a bad fit for our operation.
Not only that. but he thinks
he can be friends with devils.
He's still a kid. A stupid brat.
That is the house!
Meowy and the devil are in there.
Well. we better get going. then.
What is it now?
Isn't he gonna use the cat
as a hostage if he sees you?
Should you even. like. be this close?
Oh. I did say that. didn't I?
You said...?
I misspoke.
Fool that you are. it seems
your instincts are sharp.
You kept me waiting
a long time. Blood Devil.
I thought you had run away.
Spare me your complaints!
It took me this long to gain some freedom.
And I've brought a human
just as you demanded. Bat!
My first meal in ages...
A young man? I'm sure his
blood will be full of vigor.
Look at my arm. human.
The wound that your kind gave me!
The damnable wound
that forced me into hiding!
Like I give a shit. Dumbass.
Food shouldn't speak!
Time to heal the wounds humans
gave me with human blood!
Disgusting!
I've been revived with awful-tasting blood!
The inside of my mouth tastes disgusting...
I need to cleanse my palate
with another human now!
What are you trying to do?
Make friends with them?
I'm amazed you actually believed my story.
Humans truly are foolish.
The stench of cigarettes...
The scent of makeup and drugs...
Are you serious?
Wow!
There's a decent aroma.
I'll cleanse my palate with some children.
Bat Devil!
I brought you a human. as promised!
Release Meowy.
Oh. I did say I'd do that. didn't I?
Meowy!
But I hadn't punished you for bringing me
such nasty blood yet. had I?
Meowy...?
Meowy!
Your name shall be Meowy!
You smell tasty. for a cat.
So spindly. though.
Let's put some meat
on those bones before I feast.
Grow big and strong. now.
I'm looking forward to killing you. Meowy.
I've killed all who've met my eyes.
It's become strange to hear a voice
that isn't screaming.
So strange...
Blood Devil...
I need blood.
If you want to save this cat.
then bring me a human.
You said you couldn't pet Pochita anymore. yes?
I understand how you feel now.
'Tis an awful feeling.
Nasty!
All of this repulsive blood!
The inside of my mouth feels filthy!
I need to gargle with the blood of children!
After I gargle. a virgin
should make a fine appetizer.
Then a beefy man for a main course...
And a pregnant woman for dessert.
Gimme my tits back!
You're drinking my blood?!
That's disgusting!
I don't even feel like drinking your blood!
There was a time I couldn't find Pochita.
He was gone when I woke up in the morning...
So I looked all over town.
but couldn't find him.
I thought a devil might've eaten him.
but when I got home.
he was crying. waiting for me.
I remember being so relieved.
I fell asleep holding him.
I wonder how she felt when she tried to sleep.
knowing that devil had Meowy.
You're a devil?!
Hey. dumbass! You wanna get eaten?!
You let her escape?
You're a devil!
What do you think you're doing?!
Think I'm gonna split open your guts...
And then cop me a feel!
If you're so set on saving humans...
Can you cut through this?!
The chainsaws retract?!
Such brute strength in that tiny body!
Why would you use that power
to save a human?!
You think I saved him?
(Western Tokyo)
I don't give a shit...
about saving some dude!
I need to heal now.
Your blood reeks of cigarettes.
but it should do. for now.
How are you still alive?!
Through all of this crap...
I've been about as patient as possible.
So how come I haven't...
gotten to cop a single damn feel yet?!
S-Stay away!
CHAINSAW MAN - THE COMPILATION
If you want to save this cat.
then bring me a human.
One life is worth as little as any other.
And this is only a cat.
So why do I run?
Why do I search for a human?
Is it to save Meowy?
Such a foolish reason.
I love blood.
The taste. the smell.
the sense of mortality...
And then... there is something
I only recently realized:
The blood is warm...
And feels pleasant.
Why did you save me?
I attempted to kill you.
Such a foolish reason.
Forgive my deceit.
Since Meowy is safe...
You may fondle my chest.
Hell yeah!
Holy shit! Ow!
That hurts!
Can you move?
Not even a finger.
Take Meowy and flee. please.
Damn it. not enough chainsaw...
I must be low on blood.
And after I finally found him...
It's you. right? The one who killed Batty.
He was my man. y'know?!
Oh... but you're actually pretty cute yourself.
You're my type. so I'll let you go!
What about them?
They die.
Then you can die. too.
He can fight so fiercely...
To merely fondle a chest?
Is this a joke?
How'd a little pupper like you kill my Batty?
Y'know. he and I shared a dream:
killing and eating all of humanity.
A pipe dream. but a noble one.
and a romantic one.
And now this little yipping dog has ruined it.
You're cute enough that I regret it...
But you still need to die.
I'm not dying before I cop a feel.
That is ridiculous!
To think he was killed by someone
with such a trashy dream.
Alas. poor Batty...
Such a foolish reason.
Everyone is serious about this except you.
Everybody wants to trash-talk my plans...
It's revenge this.
protect my family that.
and save a cat. too!
Blah. blah. blah!
I guess your fancy dreams
make you guys hot shit. huh?!
How about we have us a dream battle. then?!
How about that?!
If I murderize you.
that means your dream's
weaker than fondling a tit!
Even your howls are cute!
But y'know what they say about
little dogs barking! Yap. yap. yap!
Okay! I'll gobble you up. then!
Go ahead...
If you can beat me in the dream battle!
Demoniacal...
Time to eat...
Kon.
Huh... Huh?
Looks like she's the Leech Devil.
May I swallow?
Do it.
The Leech Devil's extermination is confirmed.
I want the rookies handling search
and rescue. plus assisting with the evac.
- Yes. sir!
- Okay!
Himeno. you've got seniority.
so keep watch for more devils.
On it.
Dream battle... Gonna... My dream battle...
You and the Blood Fiend
need to be debriefed.
And Meowy?
Have the cat sent to a veterinarian
for a thorough checkup.
CHAINSAW MAN - THE COMPILATION
I found your arm.
A blood infusion was all it needed to reattach.
You really are like a devil.
You seemed pretty friendly
with that devil back there.
I saw.
You really don't know a thing. huh?
Devil Hunters form contracts with devils
in order to fight against them.
I've got a contract with the Fox Devil.
In exchange for power.
I offer up a bit of my body as food.
It was some skin this time.
Sounds painful.
Devils yearn for the deaths of humans.
The same goes for Fiends.
Power seems cool. though.
The surveillance cameras caught
you two headed to your patrol area.
(Paused)
The surveillance cameras caught
you two headed to your patrol area.
(Paused)
And the house that we believe
was housing the Bat Devil
contained a lot of your spilt blood.
The Blood Fiend tried to kill you. didn't she?
I don't know why. but you're trying
to protect a devil. Again.
I dunno... is that how it happened?
My daughter would like
to meet the chainsaw guy.
Thank you.
The devil threatened to eat me
back at the office.
but now that I think about it. he was
wearing a Public Safety uniform.
I'd like to thank him.
"Don't give a shit about
saving some dude." he says!
And then the devil throws
my car with me in it!
It was a devil with a chainsaw
coming out of its head...
If I dig deeper into this.
and report it to the higher-ups.
it'd mean the Blood Fiend gets disposed of
along with you. since you covered for her.
But there were no fatalities.
So. if you're willing to accept one condition.
I'll let what happened slide.
You need to do what I tell you to.
You're a dumbass and a brat
with no clue about right and wrong.
I've been doing this longer. so I'm pretty
sure I have some grasp of social ethics.
All you need to do to protect
this lifestyle is listen to me.
How about it?
If you follow. I want an answer.
Sure. I'll keep it in mind.
You can relax.
I might not be after some
big-deal goal like you guys.
and I might dream small.
But I'm as serious about this as you are.
You can count on me.
Try and learn some manners in the meantime.
Yeah. I'll think about it.
You see? Am I not innocent?
Now. would you kindly take these off?
Is this a good idea?
When this cutie-Fiend kills somebody.
it's gonna be your responsibility.
for letting her live.
We're Devil Hunters.
Whether they're devils or Fiends.
if they're handy.
we should put them to work.
But they're still the enemy.
We're just making use of them.
We're not making friends.
What a pitiful home this is!
I'd like you to put Power up
in one of your rooms. Hayakawa.
I think you'll make a good leash
for the two of them.
- Stop right there. Meowy!
- Is there some reason why you're sending me all
these psychos. ma'am?
- It seems you've got quite a feast!
- It's because I trust you more than anyone else.
- Damn it. who said you could come in?!
'Tis mine now!
Gimme my super toast back!
Oh... okay.
It'd be a little odd to have her
staying at the office indefinitely.
Okay.
You don't need to worry.
Power said she would behave.
It'll be fine.
Vegetables are revolting!
Away!
Carrot!
Don't fling your vegetables!
Damn it...
Show some respect to the farmers
who grew the veggies. devil!
I prefer to only occasionally bathe.
Get in there!
You reek!
The toilet?
I prefer to only occasionally flush my feces.
Flush it!
It stinks.
You two are absurd.
How delicate these humans be.
Aren't they. Meowy?
Can't believe she just shows up
and starts raising hell.
Do devils not flush the toilet?
Didn't eat her veggies either.
You there...
Hey. Shit Devil! Your turds are stuck
to the damn toilet and won't come off!
We had a deal. did we not?
You may fondle my chest.
So. fondle!
Come now. what's the matter?
Aren't you pleased?
Commence your fondling.
I have stipulations. however.
You have earned three squeezes of my breast.
Three?
One for your rescue of Meowy.
A second for slaying the Bat Devil.
And a third for protecting me from topknot!
I had no intention of actually letting you.
but your efforts have earned you
these three squeezes.
Squeeze them gratefully.
She's an angel!
It feels so good!
What the...?
Breast pads.
A wondrous invention that
makes your bosom look bigger.
Now! Two squeezes remain.
And now! The final fondling!
There. done! All done!
What did you think? Was it not fantastic?
How lucky for you. to grasp
such splendorous things!
And now we are even!
With Meowy saved.
- I have no real reason to hunt devils any longer.
- There's lots of stuff I could say. but...
- yet there's no escaping Makima!
- Huh?
So I will aid you all with your duty!
I'm sure the pleasure is all yours!
Meowy! Off to bed we go!
That's it?
Seconds would be splendid!
I'll eat yours. if you won't have it!
You little...!
This is the form apology
for the damage to the buildings.
This is for verifying the disposal
of the devils' bodies.
Then there's this. from the Ministry of Land.
Infrastructure. Transport and Tourism.
You'll need to stamp it. here and here.
I hate making you do all this paperwork.
It's almost like killing
the Bat Devil was a bad thing.
Is something bothering you. Denji?
Y'know. I...
There's something I was chasing after.
and I finally managed to get it.
But once I did. it wasn't...
as big of a deal as I thought.
Now I'm wondering. if I go after
something else. and get my hands on it.
am I just gonna think
I was happier during the chase?
That's. like... total bullshit. isn't it?
What exactly are you talking about. Denji?
I touched boobs for the first time.
but it wasn't that great.
Denji...
I believe that. when it comes to sex.
the better you understand
the other person. the better it feels.
But it's hard to understand
how someone else feels.
So. start with observing the hand. carefully.
How long are their fingers?
Are their palms cold?
Are they warm?
What's the shape of their ears?
Ever had your finger bitten?
B-Bit...?
Remember this.
So that even if you can't see.
you'll be able to tell it's me.
from how hard I'm biting.
Memorize it.
I... got it.
Denji...
I'd like to ask you to do something for me.
Can I?
Yeah.
I want you to beat the Gun Devil.
Gun Devil?
It appeared in America 13 years ago.
but nobody knows where it is now.
It's a very strong devil
that all hunters want to kill.
But I happen to think that you can kill it.
Because you're not like any
of the other Devil Hunters.
And if you're able to kill the Gun Devil.
I'll make any wish of yours come true.
You're saying if your Denji
kills the Gun Devil.
Miss Makima's gonna make
any wish of his come true?
So... like. I mean...
You're saying if your Denji
kills the Gun Devil.
Miss Makima's gonna make
any wish of his come true?
Anything. like... even se—
I said anything. Denji.
Holy shit! Is that even allowed?!
It's only allowed because this devil
is so strong and bad. mind you.
Thirteen years ago. people
were trying to profit off of guns
as a counter-measure against
devils across the world.
which resulted in an increase in crime and conflict where they were used.
The news focused on it non-stop for a while.
with people more afraid
of gun violence than ever.
Then a major armed terrorist
attack happened in America.
That was the day the Gun Devil appeared.
(The Country Mouse And The City Mouse)
"This is where I live." said the city mouse.
And. oh what a big house it was!
The city mouse's family—
Dad!
Let's play catch outside.
Taiyo doesn't feel well.
Find something you can play by yourself.
He never does.
I don't remember him feeling good.
You're the older brother.
Be good and play by yourself.
I...
I wanna play with him.
Quit following me.
You're so annoying... I said cut it out!
I'm gonna play by myself.
Gotcha!
Stupid! I said cut it out!
It's cold...
If you catch a cold. I'm gonna get in trouble.
Your hands won't get cold
if we play catch. right?
Go grab a glove from the house.
Yes!
(November 18th 10:00AM)
(Gun Devil makes landfall in Japan for 26 seconds)
(57.912 killed)
In a little under five minutes.
(124 seconds in America. Death toll: 548012)
1.2 million people were killed.
(7 Seconds in Canada. Death toll: 8481)
The Gun Devil hasn't been seen since.
(37 seconds in China. Death toll: 316932.)
(210 seconds in the Soviet Union. Death toll: 155302.)
(2 seconds in Mexico. Death toll: 6088.)
(0.4 seconds in Hawaii. Death toll: 780.)
(15 seconds in India. Death toll: 29950.)
Fear of devils across the board
increased as a result.
making them all stronger than ever before.
Gun control got a lot more
severe. internationally.
in an attempt to weaken the Gun Devil.
along with increased censorship of the news.
I'm not sure I understand. but...
Let's say this thing's so strong.
it's hard to understand.
Do you think you can beat it. Denji?
Well...
If I bust out all the stops.
it'll be a peace of cake.
In that case...
First. we'll need to actually
find the Gun Devil.
How exactly are we gonna do that. anyway?
These are pieces of the Gun Devil
that we've collected.
It's so fast. pieces of it
are torn off just from moving.
If a devil eats some of this.
no matter what their nature.
they become more powerful.
If you look at these pieces of flesh...
See how they stick together?
Because of how powerful the Gun Devil is.
once the chunks of flesh
reach a certain size.
they start to be attracted
to the original body.
So if we can make this piece bigger.
it'll lead us to the Gun Devil.
Got one.
So it really was snacking
on a piece of the Gun.
Explains how such
a wimpy devil got so strong.
But did it find that piece.
or did someone serve it up?
Doesn't change what our job is.
We keep killing devils.
and eventually. we'll find him.
Public Safety's received a request
for devil extermination.
A devil has been spotted inside of a hotel.
No confirmation on the status
of the hotel's guests.
Several of the civilian Devil Hunters
who initially went in have been found dead.
Activity has been observed
from the flesh chunks.
so it's believed the target has
consumed a piece of the Gun Devil.
We're sending six agents from Public Safety
Devil Extermination Special Division 4.
It's hiding somewhere in this hotel.
And this is no ordinary devil.
The Gun Devil's flesh is being drawn towards it.
which means this devil has eaten a piece.
Maybe it's the Gun Devil for real?
The more flesh. the stronger the attraction.
The reaction's not big enough.
How amusing... Give that thing to me!
I thought I told you two
to work on your manners.
Who the hell's gonna suck up
- How foolish and conceited these humans be!
- to you for no reason?
Mr. Hayakawa.
Sir.
Good.
Sweet!
Dude. he's so easy.
Hayakawa!
Considering we're about
to fight some devils...
Can we really trust these two
to watch our backs?
One's a Fiend. and the other is some punk...
I'm not sure about this.
We can't let them watch our backs.
On extermination missions.
they'll be taking point.
If they try to run or
switch sides. we kill them.
You're treating us like livestock!
You two don't get rights.
He's super pissed.
Must be from this morning.
Perhaps our prank went too far?
You call that a prank?! I could kill you!
Yikes! What happened?
Aki. you can't just be harsh
all the time. y'know?
She's right! The bat almost killed me.
and now there's more work?!
I want a reward!
Got it! I'll take one for the team.
Whoever kills this devil will win...
a kiss on the cheek from yours truly!
That's... You shouldn't do that!
A young woman who's not married
shouldn't be so... indecent!
But doesn't a reward help with motivation?
Right?
I'm not gonna sweat the kisses.
Don't worry about it. I'm plenty motivated.
Oh?
I got my sights set on someone
for a first kiss already.
I'm gonna find all these meat chunks
or whatever for her.
So. until the Gun Devil's dead.
no smooching for me.
That's a hell of a thing
to say in front of Aki!
Besides. I learned something real important.
Sex stuff feels better when it's
two people who get each other.
I don't even know your name.
so I ain't after your lips!
Then. if you kill the devil. Denji...
I'll give you a kiss... with tongue.
It's dangerous to run off solo! Stop!
(8th Floor)
Damn. I love teasing boys!
Oh man. what are we gonna do?
I yearn for blood.
It's dangerous! You need to stop!
Himeno's been nice enough to
train me for the last six months!
If the alternative is letting
some thug like you kiss her...
Then I'll take that kiss on the cheek!
Move!
I don't want some dude
all over me! It's nasty!
Say what?!
- Die! I'm after a way bigger goal than you. dude
- I wish to join you!
Shut up!
What's your take on the rookies. Himeno?
I'd say Arai's not super competent.
but makes up for it in motivation.
Meanwhile. Kobeni's got the moves.
but she's really timid.
You think any of the four rookies
have a shot of surviving. Aki?
Most people either die
or go private after a year.
regardless of how strong
I thought they were.
That's not really an answer.
Don't die on me. Aki.
Himeno...
This is your new partner.
He's rude. but I trained him
to be of some use.
Try and get along.
I'm Aki.
Nice to meet you.
Are you gonna be any help?
Well... I think so.
You're gonna be my sixth partner.
The others all died.
They all died because they were useless.
Don't die on me. Aki.
Gotta say. I'm not seeing
any devils around here.
Does that meat chunk of yours even work?
So tired...
Aki...
Incoming.
Got it.
It floats?!
The battle is joined!
Damnable devil! Did you see
how it floated in fear of me?!
No. no. that's my power.
Say what?
I've got a contract with the Ghost Devil.
I served up my right eye in exchange
for being able to use a ghost's right hand.
My ghost hand's invisible and strong.
Pretty slick. right?
How about it. Aki?
Has he got any of the Gun's flesh?
No strong reaction. This isn't the one.
I see... guess we better keep heading up.
Is it wise to blather on about
your powers in my presence?
Are you people not meant to hold my reins?
Knowing about our powers makes
for better teamwork. right?
Besides. I've got a few tricks
up my sleeve. so I'm not worried.
Truly?
So what would you do if I said
I was going to kill this one?
Put the weapon away.
If you misbehave.
I can always choke you to death.
Can't... touch it...
I'd prefer if we got along. It's easier!
I will devour you in time!
You better not. I'm trying to get a kiss.
Do you guys not get that the devil
is still around? Can't you pipe...
Huh?
What is it?
We were... on our way to
the 9th floor from the 8th. right?
(8th Floor)
Yeah.
But this is the 8th floor.
You probably read it wrong.
It's not that! Something's going on here!
I'm gonna double check.
I know! Grilled like a steak!
Steak?!
I wanna try steak!
Huh?
Arai... just now... you were
going downstairs. right?
Kobeni. make a double peace sign and stay put.
Well. shit.
Aki... what's going on here?
It has to be a devil's power at work.
Kobeni. stand right there.
Why are there rooms
on the other side of the window?
Hey! None of the windows go anywhere!
They just open to the room across the hall!
I figured as much.
We're trapped on the eighth floor.
(8th Floor)
Let's run through what we know.
This is probably a devil's doing.
and no matter how many times
we try to go to a different floor.
we end up on the eighth again.
The elevator is inoperable
for whatever reason.
There's no way outside via
the rooms or any windows.
We tried going through the ceiling.
but ended up on the eighth floor again.
Maybe it's because Power killed that devil?
He coulda died while using
the power to keep us trapped.
And now—
You commanded me to kill him!
Did not!
A devil's powers are released
when they die. It can't be that.
Is the flesh piece reacting. Aki?
Actually...
It's gone dead still.
That devil before was bait. and we bit hard.
I've never seen a devil try
something so clever before.
But if no one hears from us for a while.
won't other Devil Hunters show up to help?
I guess we better hope they don't
fall into the same kind of trap. then.
We're all gonna die here.
We're gonna starve to death.
H-Hang in there. Kobeni!
Didn't you become a Devil Hunter
to send your brother to college?!
They basically forced me to do it.
My parents are set on my
older brother going to college.
since he's the gifted one.
So they made me get a job.
It was become a Devil Hunter or a sex worker!
I wanted to go to college. too!
And now I'm gonna die here!
Her face...!
Enough!
Quit laughing!
Kobeni. devils love fear. okay?
If you get scared. you're giving them
what they want. sweetie.
But I'm so scared!
Something bothering you. too. Aki?
The clocks in this room...
have been stuck at 8:18 for a while now.
In every single room... it's 8:18.
There's a chance that time has been
frozen here on the eighth floor.
And if that's the case. no one is coming.
Oh. shit! Then we can sleep all we want. right?
How stupid are you?
We might be trapped in here forever.
I mean. we might be. but
we might not be. too. y'know?
Wake me when you figure it out.
This bed is freaking sweet.
It'd be stupid not to sleep in it.
I owe the devil for this nap.
He's actually asleep...
Denji.
Rise and shine. Denji.
We find a way off the eighth floor yet?
Hate to break it to you. but not yet.
We found out the power and electricity
are still working while you were asleep.
There was a little bit of food that some of
the guests who ran must've left behind.
I'll be honest. everyone's really worn out.
Aki's been searching for the devil nonstop.
I told him to take a break.
but he won't listen.
Arai was helping Aki at first.
but now he's locked himself up in
another room to have a panic attack.
Kobeni freaked out and tried to drink
toilet bowl water. so I knocked her out.
And as for the Fiend...
Something happen to Power?
Given there's nothing else to do.
I've decided to win the Nobel Prize!
Once I've earned such glorious esteem.
the humans will all kowtow to me!
And with the Nobel Prize as my foothold.
I shall ascend to the prime minister's throne!
What better way to ensure human suffering?
My first act will be passing a 100% sales tax!
She's always like that.
Huh. Okay. then.
Let's take turns watching Kobeni and Arai.
I couldn't even use the bathroom
when it was just me.
Well. this is my last cigarette.
I'm bored by how little this upsets you.
I can take it easy because
Aki's working hard.
The nicotine also helps!
Gotta have a port in a storm. right?
Life is sweeter with a bit of dependence.
Hey. that's the same brand he smokes.
That's because Aki learned all
about the flavor of cigarettes
from yours truly!
There's something my master said...
Devils don't fear Devil Hunters
who are strong or brave.
They fear Devil Hunters who have a screw loose.
Which is why I think you'll survive
a long time in this job. Aki.
Was that an insult?
And I'll eat your almond tofu
if you don't want it.
Just one.
I'm not smoking. It's bad for your bones.
I wish you would. I get the feeling
we're gonna be together for a while.
Just one. then.
This is the first and last cigarette
I ever light up.
Himeno. do you have any smokes left?
Sorry. Last one.
Let me have it. please.
If you insist...
Dude. that's kissing! No fair!
That's an indirect kiss!
Shut up.
I've got bad news.
Remember the devil we killed?
The one that I slew!
Well. he's a lot bigger now.
That really is the one I slew.
It traps us in a hotel...
and its body turns into that?
What the hell kind of devil is this?
Humans. Hear me. humans.
You foolish humans.
I offer you a contract...
It talked!
A contract?
Feed me the human known as Denji.
Even his corpse will do.
Let me eat him.
Do this. and I'll let the rest
of you leave in peace.
You'll be free to leave!
Now. accept this contract!
Do it... Do it...
Denji... let it eat you.
Man. that's obnoxious.
Aki. can't you swallow
this thing with the Fox Devil?
Kon.
Looks like Fox Devil isn't coming.
We're cut off from the rest of the world.
The Fox Devil's body is in Kyoto.
so that makes sense.
Let's see what my Ghost can do. then.
That hurt!
It hurts! Oh. it hurts! The pain!
It hurts...! It hurts!
It got even bigger!
It's pointless!
This isn't my main body...
You won't find my heart here.
You're inside of my stomach...
and I have no weaknesses
on this eighth floor.
There is no way to survive this place.
apart from accepting my offer.
You're probably not gonna
let them go. even if I do die.
Actually. no.
The devil used the word "contract." right?
Those kinds of terms hold a strong sway
when a devil is involved.
If one side makes good on the deal.
the other has to or else.
Whichever side breaks
the contract ends up dying.
So. we would be able to leave
by killing you. Denji.
Himeno... we should kill him.
We can come up with another plan
once he's dead. and we're out of here.
We're all gonna end up starving otherwise.
Devil Hunters are legally allowed to
make contracts with devils.
We should take the deal!
The devil wants Denji dead.
That means his death would benefit it.
which is why we're not accepting.
I'm with him!
But...
I say we kill him!
My Nobel Prize will remain forever out
of reach if I'm unable to leave this place!
You must die for my Nobel.
Fiends can't make pacts with devils.
It wouldn't be obligated to let us leave.
even if you killed him.
Look. we're not killing Denji.
We're Devil Hunters.
We only kill devils.
Shall we wrestle to pass the time. then?
You're just gonna try and kill me! Hell no!
So hungry...
Aki. have you got any kind of plan
for actually getting us out of here?
If what the devil says is true.
we can't kill it.
But we're not killing Denji. either.
So. is the plan to starve. then?
If we really run out of options.
I'll use the sword.
No. you won't.
If that thing can get us out of here.
shouldn't he use it?
He shouldn't use it.
even if we're out of options.
If it comes to that... sorry.
but you'll have to die. Denji!
It's gone?!
It's gone... all the food
that was left on the bed...
None of it's left.
Why?
You ate all of it. didn't you?
'Twas not me. This is Denji's doing.
Of all the obvious lies...
I get it now...
I figured it out.
We can't get out of here
because of that Fiend's power!
That has to be it!
No. it doesn't.
Calm down. Kobeni! This is the Blood Fiend—
So you're taking her side?
Even though we're Devil Hunters?!
You're on the devil's side. Arai!
You're a spy!
He's spycy.
I... I'm not on the devil's side...
I know you're a spy!
Was that a scream?
We need to move!
Kill Denji...
Give me his heart... Give it!
I will grow as your fear grows...
and with your terror. I will capture you!
Your deaths are a foregone conclusion!
So. fear me more!
Be overcome by your impending death!
Dread everything.
I will be the one to kill Chainsaw...
It will be me!
The Eternity Devil!
The floor's tilting!
Give me Denji's heart!
Somebody. anybody. kill Denji!
Please make him dead!
We're running out of time!
Let's just feed him to the devil!
I'm using the sword.
You okay with that. Himeno?
Himeno?!
Whoa. lady! What the hell?!
We can probably get out of here
if he uses that sword.
but the pact is one that takes a lot
of years off Aki's life in exchange.
He's got too much to live for.
I'm sorry. Denji.
Damn it!
Hey. get off!
Let me go!
Die!
He might be a piece of shit that
deserves being stabbed a time or two...
But he wants the Gun Devil dead.
And I... can't kill it by myself.
To do that. I need Devil Hunters
with the guts to fight it.
The more. the better...
Even if it costs some of my own life...
I'm not letting Denji die.
Power! You're the Blood Fiend. right?
Can you keep him from bleeding out?
I only have total control over my own blood.
The blood of others is a challenge.
But I suppose I'd need a
new cook if topknot died.
Given that. I have little choice.
What do we do?
What do we do?!
Aki... Aki! Aki. what do we do?!
I-It's not my fault!
You! This is because of you!
If you just let it eat you.
this would all be over!
Yeah. yeah. I get it.
Guess it's snack time. then.
Oh. thank goodness.
I'm not gonna go down smooth. though.
So if I manage to kill this fucking devil...
I still expect to get that kiss!
Have you any plan to win?
It's gonna hurt real bad.
but I'll get my chainsaws out.
Ch-Chainsaws?
I dunno what this devil's deal is.
but it's scared of my chainsaws.
That's why it didn't try to kill me.
and wanted you guys to do it instead.
And I remember it was crying
about pain when it got attacked...
So I figure. if I tear it up until
it can't take the pain no more.
it'll wanna kill itself!
A very devilish idea indeed.
I can't believe you did that for me.
Nobody asked you. Asshole.
I'm through with owing
anybody anything. got it?
So once you're out of here. we're even!
It's over...
I knew you were alive. Chainsaw!
Yeow!
All better!
This is pointless. Chainsaw!
The pain!
It hurts!
You won't find my heart in here!
You can't kill me!
A devil?!
This bodes ill.
Denji's losing blood ceaselessly.
When he's lost too much.
his chainsaws will retract.
You are so much weaker now.
How far you have fallen. Chainsaw?!
My chainsaws are in?
Need more blood!
You've failed!
Die!
Chainsaw!
This blood might seriously taste like shit...
But watching you shriek in pain...
Makes it sweet like strawberry jam!
The hunters that devils fear...
are the ones with a couple of screws loose.
Sahara had his head on straight...
So he died.
Same goes for Kinouchi.
and Subaru. and Sasaki. All sane.
They were reasonable enough
to fear attacks from a devil.
and that fear made the devils stronger.
You been working with Aki for a while now.
What do you think about him?
Is his head on straight?
I wouldn't say that about anyone
who's trying to kill the Gun Devil.
Didn't you join Public Safety because
you were after the Gun Devil. too?
You got any screws loose?
No. sir.
Exactly.
Most hunters. including you.
are out to put the Gun Devil down.
They're earnest. Honest. Straightforward.
And that means the devils know
exactly how to fuck with them.
But there's no telling what
a crazy person's thinking.
And even devils are afraid
of what they don't understand.
You're drinking too much again. master.
See. that's being sensible again.
Can't be unhinged without
loosening the screws a bit every day.
And if you're still visiting your
partners' graves every month.
then yours are still pretty tight.
I'm heading home.
Aki's still a punk. so make
sure to work him over.
I'll take it one step at a time.
Not good enough.
The kid's serious about
collecting the meat chunks. right?
He's gonna actually find
the Gun Devil if he does.
No...
No. no. no. no. no. no—
No.
Aki. you wanna join
the private sector with me?
I received a pretty generous offer!
Being a private hunter means
you deal with less dangerous devils.
Instead of chasing the Gun.
we could go out for lunch.
see a movie on the way home.
and really enjoy ourselves.
If you wanna go out for drinks. I'll join you.
But I have no intention of ever going private.
And I'll take your almond tofu.
Then hand me a cigarette in exchange.
If Aki fights the Gun Devil. he's gonna die.
Not because we're too weak.
or because it's the kind of devil that
can kill hundreds of people in seconds.
It's because Aki's cool.
and serious. and kind...
and normal. like most people.
But...
Take that!
Ow. ow!
It...
It's over.
But him?
Eureka. dude.
I cut you up. and you bleed.
I drink that blood and heal!
I'm a fucking perpetual motion machine!
That Nobel Prize is mine!
I've never seen anyone crazier than him.
so maybe he can kill the Gun Devil!
Pain...
Ow. ow...
It hurts...
You still alive. Aki?
How long...
How long has it been?
About three days since
you got stabbed. I think?
Meowy...
Let's all go out for drinks.
Since it's over... I'm gonna sleep a bit.
It's over?
This is my weakness...
It's my heart.
Please kill me. I'm sorry.
I apologize.
It hurts...
What. already?!
I was still having fun!
It was like being in a pool!
We're out.
Got a piece of the Gun Devil's flesh.
the sky is clear...
And I'm feeling good.
like I just took a huge shit.
It's like I'm floating...
Whoa there.
He's out...
Makes sense. considering he was fighting
the devil the whole time without sleeping.
We'll get Aki and Denji to a hospital.
You two head back to the office and check in.
A welcoming party?
Yep.
Since the full Division 4
is finally assembled.
we ought to get to know each other better.
and deal with some of our outstanding issues.
What issues?
Well. the thing is. Kobeni and Arai
are talking about quitting Public Safety.
I guess that thing with that last devil
traumatized them a bit.
Not only are they afraid of the devils.
they feel pretty guilty
about trying to kill Denji. too.
You tried to kill him. too.
I know. right?!
Kids these days! They're so sensitive.
Would it kill them to be a little bolder?
Over drinks. they'll be able to
apologize to Denji easily.
and we'll be able to
convince them to not quit.
You're just in this for drinks.
It wasn't much. but I found
a chunk of its flesh.
If we're doing this.
it needs to be this week.
Why's that?
If we're having a drinking party.
I want to invite Ms. Makima.
She's going on a business trip
to Kyoto next week.
With so many devils targeting Denji.
she's looking into getting reinforcements.
So the party needs to be this week.
Be honest with me.
What do you think Denji is?
That devil seemed to know about him.
and I've never seen anything
like what he turned into.
But the biggest mystery is how much
Ms. Makima seems to be interested in him.
She used to travel all the time.
but she's stuck to Tokyo lately.
and that's probably because of Denji.
Does she know his secret?
Wanna get her hammered and ask about it?
Chainsaw Days.
What a waste.
Dude. don't toss the apple skins.
They're edible.
If you're not gonna eat
the orange skin. gimme.
I'll eat it.
Gimme the scab.
Not this time.
Why the hell not?! It's nutritious!
What kind of life have you lived?
Denji and My Staple Recipe.
(Flour)
Step 1: Buy some flour.
Step 2: Take some water
and mix it into the flour.
Step 3: Eat it (soup style).
But today...
Because it's Christmas...
Complete!
Step 4: Because it's Christmas. add
some sugar before eating (soup style).
So good! Tastes just like cake!
Neither of us have had cake before.
A mature flavor.
The coffee here is good.
Never had coffee before!
Dude. this is muddy water!
How pitiful.
A taste too sophisticated for a child.
Sludge!
My tongue is tingling!
What the fuck. dude?!
Shut up!
We're in a restaurant. keep it down!
What kinda sick joke is this?!
That was mud!
Some sort of mud beverage!
Topknot.
So. is there a reason for the weird hairstyle?
My deal with the Fox means she makes
requests other than skin. sometimes.
And when I give her the topknot.
she seems to enjoy it.
Sounds good to me! I want one. too!
No.
Cheapskate.
We have drinks at her place
about once a week.
That was drunk me that did it!
So. sober me is asking for lenience.
Come on. please. Aki?
I kind of have to forgive her. Because...
I'm sorry.
she has way too much dirt
she could use against me.
I'm making it into a family treasure!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm